https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/cores.git 1.58
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_TLC5947.git 1.2.1
https://github.com/h4yn0nnym0u5e/Audio.git feature/buffered-SD-interrupt-safe-01
https://github.com/olikraus/U8g2 master
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_MPR121.git 1.1.1
https://github.com/Chris--A/Keypad.git 3.1.1
https://github.com/midilab/uClock.git v1.5.1
https://github.com/newdigate/teensy-sample-flashloader.git feature/audio_chunk_heap
https://github.com/newdigate/teensy-variable-playback.git 1.0.16
https://github.com/dxinteractive/ResponsiveAnalogRead.git v1.2.1
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/SPI.git master
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/SdFat master
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/SD Juse_Use_SdFat
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/LittleFS main
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/SerialFlash 0.5
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/Wire master
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/Time master
https://github.com/PaulStoffregen/arm_math master
https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_BusIO 1.14.5
https://github.com/FortySevenEffects/arduino_midi_library 5.0.2
https://github.com/adrianfreed/FastTouch master
